Synchronizing CLI help from user-docs (#3631)
snyk/cli: help/cli-commands/iac-test.md

This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output using stdout and at the same time save the SARIF format output to a file.

> Note: If you use an option that sets project attributes and your role lacks permission to edit project attributes the `iac tes`t command fails. For instructions on how to proceed see [Editing project attributes from the Snyk CLI](https://docs.snyk.io/features/user-and-group-management/managing-users-and-permissions/managing-permissions#editing-project-attributes-from-the-snyk-cli)

Reviewer: This doesn't look right. Not sure of the workflow here - I guess because this is a sync PR, we need to change it on gitbook?

> Note: If you use an option that sets project attributes and your role lacks permission to edit project attributes the `iac tes`t command fails. For instructions on how to proceed see [Editing project attributes from the Snyk CLI](https://docs.snyk.io/features/user-and-group-management/managing-users-and-permissions/managing-permissions#editing-project-attributes-from-the-snyk-cli)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: If you use an option that sets project attributes and your role lacks permission to edit project attributes the `iac test` command fails. For instructions on how to proceed see [Editing project attributes from the Snyk CLI](https://docs.snyk.io/features/user-and-group-management/managing-users-and-permissions/managing-permissions#editing-project-attributes-from-the-snyk-cli)
```

That's the problem^

This is generated from Gitbook but I don't have access for some reason. I've asked Config if they could try and change the docs: https://snyk.slack.com/archives/C02JMMTLUF9/p1663336985311229
